hello great sons of bitches that
you are reading this fucking shit reading
will be listening to subnormal piece
You will be a good bastard like you
I know you have no fucking idea what
pussy is a cuba or a gin tónic that if
pussy what if you drink the james bond
007 in his action and espionage movies
you want to shut up son of a bitch good
to prepare a cocktail you have to do
the same as with a gin and tonic but
putting what you get out of the
Holy balls you can put
chocolate the secret formula of the
cocacola you can put cocaine and
hydrogen or just the fucking cash
of the balls that so how are you going
toss coke fanta or tonic not going
let's take the fucking cash out of the
cojones that knows worse than the whores the ex
of the balls before I drink a
heineken with rum that fucking shit
good the ingredients needed to
the preparation of a gin tonics are the
next first we need a
container or very large hands or if
a friend of yours lends you temporarily
your vagina is enough the thing is that
is
and a basis for putting all the
fagots but if you're asshole
You can try using the soil that
thing does not change how you will be an asshole
you'll have no fucking idea what the fuck
do after good after getting
a glass or any bullshit
we will need clear ice the thing will
Fuck or you leave your house or you spend
ten euros in a fuck fucking cup
or you just steal from the Lord all
metiroso that you hail in the middle of the
hottest afternoon of the fucking year another
method is to create ice glasses that comes
being another more varied bullshit the
next step is to get alcohol and
like a fucking tonic gin worth his salt
you need gin and tonic hence the
fucked name gin tonic with wyj de
horse the brand of gin you the
You put in the fucking tonic ass the tonic
do not fuck with me that it's the one who takes the
doctor house like do not take the tonic
schweppes is that I go and I put a
Host of hosts that does not recognize you or
the best forensic of the sixth the last
what we need is lima can you catch
a bottle of lime and throw it
would take two tablespoons or buy lime
in fruit and soba for the fucking glass
so your girlfriend
run just try it and the last thing
after getting the glass the ice the
alcohol the tonic and the lime is left
Mix everything you can do it with your cock
with your finger with your girlfriend's rib
or with a spoon invented by the
man a good option to not use the
cock if everything is invented xd
very well all happy and fucking mother
Well then buggers can now save
how you get a fucking gin
tónic now I will explain how
he makes a cuba because he is the same as
I said before but throwing what you get
from the tip of your virile member coges
cocacola and mix it with everything else
equal to already have a fucking cubata xd
although I recommend orange with orange
and cocacola with lemon bored me the host
so I 'm going to say goodbye by the way
studying is not bad for your health but
can tear the brain from the back
and your social life so pay attention to your
doctor and go to the university see you